Version 1.1.25 - 2021 October 13th #93


***

# Version 1.1.25 - 2021 October 13th

## V1.1.25

### Changes:

This is the Eighty-ninth release of this project. It contains the basic data for 667 organizations, <!-- (fork count minus 2) !--> related notes, and images. It is missing data for 2 organizations. This is the actual 89th release. I made a mistake with the 44th release, and upon fixing it, it created a duplicate release. This notice is getting kind of dated (old) but it explains why this is V89 and not V90. I intend to keep it until it makes a large enough dent. For now, I just plan to keep this notice as long as possible.

See below for more changes.

### Changes

This is version 89.<!-- , the B variant of version 87 to 88. !--> It is a lone release, as no `IGNORE.md` files can be deleted. It includes the following changes:

- [x] Updated discussion data

- [x] Updated release data

- [x] Added status file data for parts of 2020:June, July, August, November, and wrapped up 2021:January, February

- [x] Added data up to 2021 October 13th

- [ ] No other changes in this release

<!--
- [x] Added data up to >date<
!-->

<!--
- [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files
!-->

<!-- - [x] Updated Git navigation data !-->

### Technical and statistics

**Languages:** `Ruby` `YAML` `Markdown` `XML` `Makefile` `SVG` `GIT IGNORE` `GIT ATTRIBUTES` `EDITORCONFIG` `Plain Text` `English (US)`

**Type:** `Information portal database.`

**Commit count:** `4,950`

**Commits in last release:** `4,794`

**Commit change:** `156`

**Release notes page file type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**Release notes language:** `English (US) / Markdown`

***Released on 2021 Wednesday October 13th at 5:14 pm***

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)**

**You may need special rendering support for the `<dropdown>` HTML tag being used in this document**

***


<hr /><em>This discussion was created from the release <a href='https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/releases/tag/V1.1.25'>Version 1.1.25 - 2021 October 13th</a>.</em>

https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/discussions/93
