Version 1.1.24B - 2021 October 12th #92


***

# Version 1.1.24B - 2021 October 12th

## V1.1.24B

### Changes:

This is the Eighty-eighth release of this project. It contains the basic data for 667 organizations, <!-- (fork count minus 2) !--> related notes, and images. It is missing data for 2 organizations. This is the actual 88th release. I made a mistake with the 44th release, and upon fixing it, it created a duplicate release. This notice is getting kind of dated (old) but it explains why this is V88 and not V89. I intend to keep it until it makes a large enough dent. For now, I just plan to keep this notice as long as possible.

This set of releases is a bit late, I should have been doing daily releases for 4 days now, as I have been updating this project daily. I have been working on adding status files for every day between 2020 January 1st and 2021 December 31st (but October 13th and later will be done on a day-by-day basis) it has been a long process, with tons of README file creation, and mass commits (there is expected to be at least 1000 commits for this side project)

This release is also coming 1 day late, I wanted to release this set of releases on 2021, Tuesday October 12th, but I was having issues and ran out of time last night.

See below for more changes.

### Changes

This is version 88, the B variant of version 87 to 88. It includes the following changes:

- [x] Updated discussion data

- [x] Updated release data

<!-- - [x] Added support for several hundred status posts in 2020 and 2021

- [x] Added support for MyGOI, a separate tool that acts as a web application that lets you create your own GitHub Organization Info and view it effectively. It is still in very early development

- [x] Added data up to 2021 October 12th

!-->

- [x] Deleted 8 `IGNORE.md` files

- [ ] No other changes in this release

<!--
- [x] Added data up to >date<
!-->

<!--
- [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files
!-->

<!-- - [x] Updated Git navigation data

<!-- - [x] Deleted 3 `IGNORE.md` files !-->

### Technical and statistics

**Languages:** `Ruby` `YAML` `Markdown` `XML` `Makefile` `SVG` `GIT IGNORE` `GIT ATTRIBUTES` `EDITORCONFIG` `Plain Text` `English (US)`

**Type:** `Information portal database.`

**Commit count:** `4,794`

**Commits in last release:** `4,778`

**Commit change:** `16`

**Release notes page file type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**Release notes language:** `English (US) / Markdown`

***Released on 2021 Wednesday October 13th at 3:14 pm***

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)**

**You may need special rendering support for the `<dropdown>` HTML tag being used in this document**

***


<hr /><em>This discussion was created from the release <a href='https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/releases/tag/V1.1.24B'>Version 1.1.24B - 2021 October 12th</a>.</em>

https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/discussions/92

