Version 1.1.23A - 2021 October 8th #89


***

# Version 1.1.23A - 2021 October 8th

## V1.1.23A

### Changes:

This is the Eighty-fifth release of this project. It contains the basic data for 667 organizations, <!-- (fork count minus 2) !--> related notes, and images. It is missing data for 2 organizations. This is the actual 84th release. I made a mistake with the 44th release, and upon fixing it, it created a duplicate release. This notice is getting kind of dated (old) but it explains why this is V85 and not V86. I intend to keep it until it makes a large enough dent. For now, I just plan to keep this notice as long as possible.

This release contains no info on new organizations, but is a major structuring update for this project that was worked on from Thursday 2021 October 7th to Friday 2021 October 8th. It includes a plethora of changes, including:

### Changes

This is version 85, the A variant of version 85 to 86. It includes the following changes:

- [x] Updated discussion data

- [x] Updated release data

- [x] Added support for 2 workflows (Ruby and RubyGems) although both are currently disabled to prevent constant failure

- [x] Archived the data for the first project

- [x] Added a major security policy and enabled dependabot

- [x] Revamped the project Wiki and wrote 7 new pages, along with remodeling some of the original pages

- [x] Updated the search database to include all 667 entries, now containing new categories such as repository count, member count, creation date, type and owner, name, handle, and general other improvements

- [x] Added a Gemfile

- [x] Added a RubyGems archive directory

- [x] Added a Rakefile

- [x] Updated the Organization to GitHub Organization Info (GOI) ratio file

- [x] Created a basid RubyGem

- [x] Added support for Ruby dependencies

- [x] Added a plain text list of all organizations

- [x] Added data up to 2021 October 7th

- [x] Added a repository data archive directory

<!-- - [x] Deleted 3 `IGNORE.md` files !-->

- [x] Added 1 image regarding Organization plans being free

<!--
- [x] Added data up to >date<
!-->

<!--
- [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files
!-->

<!-- - [x] Updated Git navigation data

<!-- - [x] Deleted 3 `IGNORE.md` files !-->

### Technical and statistics

**Languages:** `Ruby` `YAML` `Markdown` `XML` `Makefile` `SVG` `GIT IGNORE` `GIT ATTRIBUTES` `EDITORCONFIG` `Plain Text` `English (US)`

**Type:** `Information portal database.`

**Commit count:** `3,915`

**Commits in last release:** `3,838`

**Commit change:** `77`

***Released on 2021 Friday October 8th at 5:55 pm***

***


<hr /><em>This discussion was created from the release <a href='https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/releases/tag/V1.1.23A'>Version 1.1.23A - 2021 October 8th</a>.</em>

https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/discussions/89

