Version 1.1.27A - 2021 October 14th #95


***

# Version 1.1.27A - 2021 October 14th

## V1.1.27A

### Changes:

This is the Ninety-first release of this project. It contains the basic data for 671 organizations, <!-- (fork count minus 2) !--> related notes, and images. It is missing data for 2 organizations. This is the actual 91st release. I made a mistake with the 44th release, and upon fixing it, it created a duplicate release. This notice is getting kind of dated (old) but it explains why this is V91 and not V92. I intend to keep it until it makes a large enough dent. For now, I just plan to keep this notice as long as possible.

See below for more changes.

### Changes

This is version 91, the A variant of version 91 to 92. It includes the following changes:

- [x] Updated discussion data

- [x] Updated release data

- [x] Added data for 2021 October 14th

<!-- - [x] Added data up to 2021 October 13th !-->

- [ ] No other changes in this release

<!--
- [x] Added data up to >date<
!-->

<!--
- [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files
!-->

<!-- - [x] Updated Git navigation data !-->

### Technical and statistics

**Languages:** `Ruby` `YAML` `Markdown` `XML` `Makefile` `SVG` `GIT IGNORE` `GIT ATTRIBUTES` `EDITORCONFIG` `Plain Text` `English (US)`

**Type:** `Information portal database.`

**Commit count:** `5,063`

**Commits in last release:** `5,034`

**Commit change:** `29`

**Release notes page file type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**Release notes language:** `English (US) / Markdown`

***Released on 2021 Thursday October 14th at 4:13 pm***

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)**

**You may need special rendering support for the `<dropdown>` HTML tag being used in this document**

***


<hr /><em>This discussion was created from the release <a href='https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/releases/tag/V1.1.27A'>Version 1.1.27A - 2021 October 14th</a>.</em>

https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/discussions/95
