Version 1.1.30A - 2021 October 25th #101


***

# Version 1.1.30A - 2021 October 25th

## V1.1.30A

### Changes:

This is the Ninety-seventh release of this project. It contains the basic data for 680 organizations, <!-- (fork count minus 2) !--> related notes, and images. It is missing data for 2 organizations. This is the actual 97th release. I made a mistake with the 44th release, and upon fixing it, it created a duplicate release. This notice is getting kind of dated (old) but it explains why this is V97 and not V98. I intend to keep it until it makes a large enough dent. For now, I just plan to keep this notice as long as possible.

See below for more changes.

### Changes

This is version 97, the A variant of version 97 to 98. It includes the following changes:

- [x] Updated discussion data

- [x] Updated release data

- [x] Added data up to 2021 October 25th

<!-- - [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files !-->

<!-- - [x] Added data up to 2021 October 13th !-->

- [ ] No other changes in this release

<!--
- [x] Added data up to >date<
!-->

<!--
- [x] Deleted 2 `IGNORE.md` files
!-->

<!-- - [x] Updated Git navigation data !-->

### Technical and statistics

**Languages:** `Ruby` `YAML (YAML Ain't Markup Language)` `Markdown` `XML (eXtensible Markup Language)` `Makefile (GNU Make)` `SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics)` `GIT IGNORE` `GIT ATTRIBUTES` `EDITORCONFIG` `Plain Text` `English (US)` `CSV (Comma Separated Values)`

**Type:** `Information portal database.`

**Commit count:** `5,189`

**Commits in last release:** `5,158`

**Commit change:** `31`

**Release notes page file type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**Release notes language:** `English (US) / Markdown`

***Released on 2021, Monday, October 25th at 4:40 pm***

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)**

**You may need special rendering support for the `<dropdown>` HTML tag being used in this document**

***


<hr /><em>This discussion was created from the release <a href='https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/releases/tag/V1.1.30A'>Version 1.1.30A - 2021 October 25th</a>.</em>

https://github.com/seanpm2001/GitHub_Organization_Info/discussions/101
